Add `no-accessor-recursion` rule (#2525)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/no-accessor-recursion.md

> # Disallow recursive access to this within getter and setter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Disallow recursive access to `this` within getters and setters
```
